RHIDP-5409 Consistent titles and subtitles (#832)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: titles/about/master.adoc

include::artifacts/attributes.adoc[]
:imagesdir: images
:title: About {product}
:subtitle: Building your developer portal with {product} to provide a streamlined development environment with a centralized software catalog to build high-quality software efficiently

> :abstract: {product} is a developer platform designed to build developer portals. Use {product} to provide a streamlined development environment with a centralized software catalog to build high-quality software efficiently.

Author: ```suggestion
:abstract: {product} is a customizable developer portal with enterprise-level support and a centralized software catalog that you can use to build high-quality software efficiently in a streamlined development environment.
```
